crazy mic coming out of the darkness to
do another iPhone video app review for
pop star bread by Brian back it's a
99-cent app that iTunes Appstore
beautiful heart unit to get you going
there's some instructions up there
gather same color more the better more
bonus with less blocks at the end of
stage a very basic straightforward
popping game you need two blocks or more
the more blocks you match the bigger the
score whoa lots of stuff there let's go
for it
trying to get pretty as many as you can
and you want to get again two or more
dunno right here stays clear still going
to definitely get rid of we're just
backing away it'll tell you when you're
when you're done that's your bonus
bamboo bamboo waynebow Stage two same
thing next up the more you match up with
the same color the better it is for you
wow that was nice
should clear this little stage clear
nice I still got some what to do and
still jamming think it's a little hard
for you guys see the colors there oh
there's no match there that's not bad
pop star $0.99 this is a good game I
think you check it out if you like this
kind of stuff holy cow there's a lot of
walks there you want to try to get the
big matches though that's what I'm
looking for you work your way over to
get in those colors near each other
mama hmm what say you not happy with my
gameplay thus far
could be better
Wow Sukkoth fail okay this is pop star
pretty cool game very easy fun to do and
try to figure it out 99 cents
till next time Chris Mike seate